c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\TestDialog.g.cs
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\TestDialog.baml
c:\users\lheczko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
